yes England's worst ever World Cup
defeat both in terms of goals and
certainly in terms of defending as they
limp out of the tournament a tournament
really where they never showed anything
like what we expected in this 2010 World
Cup a solitary victory against the
nation of Slovenia was all really
England could muster and overall Alan
despite obviously being on the end of an
appalling decision this afternoon it was
an abject England the dividual read Jana
the Valar morghulis
was disallowed
but you're right I mean you cannot
believe how bad England where I mean I
went to the game against Algeria and I
thought that abysmal today there were
four levels below that I mean do you
know if you look at the back for if you
look at the midfield if you look at the
attack if you look at the system you
look at the manager every every aspect
England performance was rock bottom the
black four looked Azure than ever seen
each other the basics the fundamentals
just one there the big hope gone into
the tournament was Wayne Rooney and
frankly for the full games he just
hasn't performed at all and you know we
talked about the Germans long and hard
of it being average but they made
England look a very very very poor sight
Palin well I don't know where to start
to be honest Gary it's it's been so poor
from start to finish we said they
improved in the last game which they did
we said they're going to have to improve
again if they were going to progress
they didn't he didn't get anywhere near
it I mean from the first minute they
were they were hopeless let's be honest
we can't City and try and defend it
because it you can't do that they were
hopeless from start to finish and the
big players whether they don't like the
system whether they don't like the
manager whether they don't lay anything
they haven't performed they really
haven't and I'm at a loss as to why
Gerrard has to play on the left-hand
side he why can't play in behind Wayne
Rooney win Rooney's been so poor in his
torment whether he's tired was perhaps a
real injury you think there's a degree
of stubbornness in Capello in the fact
that everybody seemed to think this was
the way English should play except for
him I do I really do I we all feared for
that because I thought the war everyone
shouted for Gerald in behind Rooney
which is his best position which is
Rooney's best position then I just
thought the more the managers going to
go against that and he never once played
that win and for me it summed it up in
the last 15 minutes when we need three
goals he brings a guy on ml Heskey who's
not a goal scorer who hasn't scored
goals all his life and which is in the
game and we need goals and he brings him
on I'm at a loss to see that I really am
I can't see why on a defensive side of
things Lee you expect some sort of
organisation at the back does that come
from the players the management will
ultimately it comes from the players you
have to be you have to go out there and
put
performance on and there's a backfire
thing I think quite frankly that was
probably the worst team performance
defensively I've ever seen and then mix
into that probably the worst back for
performance of seeing defensively then
you're always going to get hiding and
fair play to the Germans you have to
give them great credit because they look
a decent side they pass a ball a lot
better than us they had ideas in the
team with the Ursuline that hole that we
couldn't cope with and when they got at
our bat for we completely fell apart on
it and quite frankly it was awful
usually when the bike fall is that bad
the goalkeeper is culpable as well I
mean David James may I see one of them
but on all he was England's best player
and for the goalkeeper to play quite
well on a performance like that is
highly unusual because England could
have conceivably lost 70 quite easy and
that the way that the Germans counted
attack with a little bit of bass and
like Lisa's good passing and good
movement it was just shambolic it really
was we sat here before the game and said
we said man-for-man
we feel as if England's players are
better than Germany's I mean if the
Germans are watching us seeing that they
must think we're mugs so we are
seriously we never we've never ever seen
that we've never seen the best of Gerard
we've never seen the best of Lampard
Thierry Rooney Ashley call I've never
I've never seen a group of defenders
dragged around a pic slightly were today
there was just not there was nothing
that it would resemble top quality
defenders going into positions where
you're uncomfortable you think oh hang
on a minute I don't like that they were
just going into position leaving space
there was no communication we got ripped
to pieces I don't look surely an
opposite of played a lot together I mean
and also other thing is like you know
you take Terry with a lot left hand say
where he plays regularly and pull them
the right hand side it's a big jump
people look at that and think love
that's easy but it's not to go from left
to right you've gotta be in sync with
the right back the goalkeeper but most
importantly you have failed us in our
back and you know the one miles apart
and then to that the two close together
subsequently the goals going will
continue the vitru in just a minute but
let's hear from Fabio Capello's with
Gabby bigger Fabio how big a turning
point was Frank Lampard's goal
how big a turning point was the goal
that Frank Lampard scored was I think
once the most important think the game
the throw was a very important we can
play different style because they scored
the second goal the contact when you go
forward this is an understand why the
time of the technology v to referee we
stay here to speak about this goal no
goal I understand why the result is
negative is Oh what else went wrong
today wrong movies we play I think I
well when were play - 1 2 - after we
pray that our goal we was I think little
bit disappointed for the mistake way to
be made I get they prayed the contract
after after the one free kick for us why
have so many big players at this
tournament failed to reach their
potential
[Music]
no way play well because Germany wants a
big team here plays a good team good
game we made some mistakes when they
play the quarterback there are four
emitted more big mistake that the other
one this is the football it can play
Dakota they played twice
yet again England go out in the knockout
stages to one of the big teams we fall
always when we play the big teams yes I
don't know I figured wait we beat in
Germany the Germany in Berlin with
Germany today we played a good game
when was 2 1 to 2 the result was
different after something the little
thing the side the risotto always thank
you thank you sure we would probably
concur it I says he struggles a bit with
his English to be fit probably struggles
to get over what he wants to say I think
he knows when he said we've played well
yeah that's what that means and that's
complete not have been hammered no let
me play well and today they're not have
been absolutely hammered they're the ten
months fell before half-time and then
maybe a five minutes bill start the
singing up with Frank Lampard hit the
bar but apart from that it was a
gentlemen's adjourn as the gentlemen's
and you know the lucky it was only four
that's that's the bottom line they're
lucky it was only four okay first goal
now let's go through it we must